[MI-3812]: Added the test cases for UI of list of linked channels in RHS on MM. (#20)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/ui-integration/Scrolling_in_linked_channels_list.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Scrolling in the list of linked channels in RHS"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Infinite scroll in the list of linked channels in RHS"
```

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: ui-integration
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Scroll down and up in the `list of linked channels` in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer 2: why down and up?

**Expected**

> The user should be able to scroll down and up in the list of linked channels in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should be able to scroll down and up in the list of linked channels and verify all the channels linked are present in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.
```

> The user should be able to scroll down and up in the `list of linked channels` and verify all the linked channels are present in list in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer 2: same. also should we write the text present at the end of the list?
